[WP #54017] Update php version for api and unit test (#626)
nextcloud/integration_openproject: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
- Drop application's support for Nextcloud 25

> - add the php version 8.3, 8.4 in unit test and update php version from 8.1 to 8.32 in API test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for PHP version 8.2 and 8.3
```
